---
type: "WORK HISTORY"
heading: "Southwest Airlines • 7yrs 1mo"
subheading: "Senior Business System Analyst"
duration: "• 02/2011 - 02/2018"
location: "Dallas, TX"
---
Employers: West Coast Consulting LLC/HCL America Inc/Softek India Pvt Ltd 
Project: Sirax-PRA/In-Flight Crew


<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/southwest-airlines/" target="_blank">Southwest Airlines Co.</a> is a major American airline headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and is the world's largest low-cost carrier. Sirax RA is a community of 20+ airline customers worldwide with experience in all areas, cooperating to design the future of airline revenue accounting together with the Lufthansa Systems team. As a senior business system analyst, my responsibilities include:
• Created User stories, requirements documents, functional specifications and Acceptance criteria for multiple projects.
• Managed and prioritized deliverables efficiently with given timelines
• Liaised with Production Solutions team and help them with SAP Vendor for product upgrade and several other project initiatives
• Prepared and maintained up to date system documentation and Standard operation Procedures (SOPs) 
• Facilitated sessions with the various revenue accounting groups in finance division to provide an overview of the possible changes.
• Prepared and executed business test cases. Ensure maintenance of defect log through Jira/Remedy and timely fixes.
• Documented/Presented quarterly SOX control reports to Internal/External Auditors
• Responsible for day-to-day system support, troubleshooting capabilities of SAP PI in SAP Run-time Work Bench and provide quick resolution for business continuity by partnering with tech counterparts.
• Worked with the internal/external stakeholders to provide status reports and raised awareness of issues / risks faced on the project.
• Led a team of 10 Business system analysts in Kanban Agile model
• Represented the BA onshore/offshore/nearshore team on daily stand-up meetings to share the team's status and planned our effort for each sprint.

